Postgres, MSSQL Server and Azure blob storage (#2602)
astronomer/docs: learn/connections/azure-data-factory.md

1. In your Azure portal, open your [data factory](https://portal.azure.com/#view/HubsExtension/BrowseResource/resourceType/Microsoft.DataFactory%2FdataFactories) service and select the subscription that contains your data factory.
2. Copy the **Name** of your data factory and the **Resource group**.
3. Click on the subscription for your data factory, then copy the **Subscription ID** from the subscription window.

> 4. Navigate to your Azure AD application. Then, from the **Overview** tab, copy the **Application (client) ID** and **Directory (tenant) ID**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Open your Azure AD application. Then, from the **Overview** tab, copy the **Application (client) ID** and **Directory (tenant) ID**.
```
"Open" or "Go" is always preferred to "Navigate". Navigate has other connotations and is longer and more complicated than the former two options
